you know even with the TSA back in full
force our next guest was somehow able to
fly with a sloth in his carry-on bag he
is the large predator expert for Animal
Planet where Sunday you can see Puppy
Bowl 15 please welcome the Canadian
Tarzan Dave Salmoni
how are you Wow Wow
that might be my first standing oh
thanks guys you spray paints a tank top
a wrestling singlet this is a tear man
do it let me hey there's some little
treat applesauce Cup over there okay yes
applesauce lesser ant eater
why is it why is it a lesser anteater
because they're a little bit smaller
than the bigger ones okay give that to
him here okay I'm right in front about
me he'll grab it is that good yeah now
start picking it up a little bit what
the anteater hold your hand up okay let
go okay here you have it there you go
with one hand yeah I like this one I
carry them do her this guy you can see
while he's using his hands there they're
a very big big claws because they spend
a lot of time up in a tree they have a
prehensile tail which is this which
basically means they can actually hang
from their tail while they eat now if
you get that little stick there okay no
he's probably not gonna do it while he's
eating what if I could see if I could I
have this no you have to do it really
reminds me of my son and I don't know
why yeah should we try sure you want to
hold him
well I know I don't want to hold him
yeah
you for applesauce so it would be aired
so all over the place right it's a
special treat so things like this we're
always trying to make sure the Animas
have a great time look and to do that
you're given the special treat he's
normally those things he normally eats
bugs so he's not an Segen yeah totally
right totally right
Yeah right well and how do you find out
they like applesauce well yeah I guess
you offer them lots of different things
if any animals or you gave them pizza
it's not right questions today's a good
question you tried a lot of things we
thought they might like you should give
him three more we think is good do you
give them cream of wheat
okay all right nice meeting yeah yeah
okay all right very let's put it here
all right should I clean this off you
don't mind yeah I'm gonna give this a
lot you got it yeah
next thing excuse me everybody all right
thank you very much all right
hi now come with me big guy when you
bring animals on our date Oh Tracy
Jimmy come around the desk Tracy you
come up over here by the desk please hey
make sure you stay between me he'll okay
so I want you now to walk around that
way too Jimmy
come on over here is this a zebra sorry
doll behind him oh this is the whole
point here we go now stand here Z this
is a zebra come on here's just a pony
this is a baby zebra three months old
okay the reason why I'm trying to keep
you between me between you guys as they
do these guys are not small horses like
they look they can kick like crazy they
can bite they're much more aggressive
but it is only a three month baby
I don't know listen if I get kicked or
damaged by an animal I want it to be a
fearsome animal this is a fearsome
animal if I got kicked by three month
old Xena pick up a bucket milk please oh
came the milk pod no please bring it
yeah all right here we go wow this is a
fearsome animal because it lions are
afraid of it now show them the bucket
keep it in your hands there you go
have some of that here you go now that's
it hold it up for him you don't have to
hold on both sides both hands and tilt
it so the milk stays yeah like that so
we had a depth oh come on around Tracy
I'll keep you safe I promise okay
so another thing the biggest kid
contentious issue about zebras is
whether they're white or was there an
African animal and they get to name them
he's an amazing gods ever assume
Africa's clothes Oh after
beautiful Brooklyn say zebra huh well
there's no zebras in Brooklyn but there
are yeah another fun thing as people try
to figure out what these stripes are for
the one of the theories is that when
they the Lions or the Predators that are
after these types of guys would look
through the grass when the African heat
was going off the waves would kind of
break up the silhouette so they wouldn't
be able to see yeah the zebra so that'd
be a camouflage yeah and that's what of
a warden okay if he's done that one yeah
you could give there's another bucket if
you want to get him that how many
buckets are we gonna give you baby all
right
down you go now you gonna take it all
the way away
bring the baby somebody knew that was
the milk this is the greece's
rice-a-roni the San Francisco treat this
is a green that was a milk he is only
150 pounds he's gonna get up over 800
ish as a male zebra Wow
so he's got lots eaten to do so don't
worry where you cannot feed him who do
you ride this animal this at this age
yeah at my size like you know it would
probably be strong enough for sure these
guys are very strong once they get even
mid-size you know once they're three 400
pounds only the biggest of predators the
smarter players want to go after these
guys because they are super duper strong
all right all right another that's why
we take a break here and we'll come then
we'll we'll finish the bucket and then
we'll come back with some more animals
okay they're bad the tracy morgan
morning
you know hey groans Davis here talk
about the Puppy Bowl which is out on
Animal Planet this weekend opposite the
Super Bowl but just before and then all
day and then although it's 3 p.m.
Eastern now what the hell is this either
screaming here armadillos would you
please hold one for me I can't hold two
I guess so you know this one is my
favorite one
okay and you like that exactly like
you're holding like that and they're
very comfortable like that
oh you want to feel their it doesn't
seem that comfortable Dave you gotta be
okay okay yeah oh okay yeah he called yo
you know my job isn't as easy as it
seems sometimes ya know kiddo is it
screaming here y'all armadillo oh why
doctor screaming hairy armadillo so you
see the worst thing ever screaming and
hairy
gaku well you can see why hairy because
he's very hairy this one's very busy
he's trying to dig which another thing
he does uh screaming is what they'll do
if they feel threatened so if they if
he's like think some predators coming to
get him yeah he will roll into a ball so
you want to feel did you feel the armor
yeah I felt the armor yeah yes I got
something that most of their predators
can't get there so the rolling a ball
just wait for the predator to go away my
creditors usually go away hey well
depends yeah right here cuz they look
yeah cuz this guy is uh he looks
delicious on the arm with a defense
mechanism like that did not they don't
get eaten
what's wrong right so if they see the
predator coming so you can see let me
pull out one of his hands see how he's
trying to dig at me right now that's
what they like to do take the burst
little dead to me yeah so you're down
here let him borrow a little bit it'll
bro into here does this penny feel safe
like could you bring us on a plane as an
emotional support definitely as long as
you have one of those little bit mm-hmm
these guys will dig their big holes see
those claws that they're digging up my
hands there those are perfect digging
things to get out some bugs for them to
eat I know you're busy
no he won't scream he's only gonna
scream when you scared this is just
active and he wants to play Oh
so speaking of bugs to eat I guess we
have another there you very nice
yeah yeah okay now what do we have here
it's coming that's a good question oh we
have a Galapagos this is the first time
you ever brought an insect out I don't
bring many insects another okay you
wouldn't go to look yes a Galapagos
centipede I think is a layer one
amethyst like the venomous very very
venom my believing I say if this guy
bites you it'll hurt oh okay although
interestingly here there let's see if I
get me one of the guys for the bear
Mama's gonna like you write it in and
you spit it out like they did the cowboy
no no we're gonna make friends with this
guy he's really cool so the interesting
thing about him is if you can see if the
camera gets in nice and tight you'll see
that it looks like it's fangs out there
in the front
yes those aren't actually fangs those
are arms basically that have venom in
them so really doesn't bite things to
death he hugs them to death oh well
that's cute he's big he's strong enough
so he he's strong enough to actually
kill an adult Mouse Dave where do these
live so I can never ever go there these
guys in the Galapagos hence the name
Galapagus today there were brought no
it's not I'm gonna X that off my to-do
list
wow that's yeah those are no good these
are great they're beautiful yeah they're
super fast predator they basically if
they can see something let's feed it to
the armadillo okay what do you say give
that thing of a nice snack like he's
never had before
all right I can take a break Dave
Salmoni here Tracy Morgan's here we have
one more animal
here take an apple this was not a book
surely the sloth she's on hustling she's
our refs assistant you can give Shirley
an apple if you'll Apple to leave it
there it's fine okay
you see those big teeth there yes things
about slaw so they hang upside down
that's why they have these beautiful big
claws here mmm another interesting fact
with them you notice how our arm hair
grows towards our hands his grows away
and that's because he's upside down in
the rain forest all the time so pain
comes down he does the water rushes
right so if I were to hang upside down I
might not ever go bald probably right
it's a great tip something we learn from
the Schloss see they live almost
entirely up make sure these are slots
and not just like a stone monkey yeah I
am sure yes eating sighs you ready oh
thank you Dave Dave Salmoni he's got the
Puppy Bowl 15 airs Sunday 3 p.m. Eastern
on Animal Planet Tracy Morgan what men
want is his new movie it opens in
theaters February 8th
the sloth do you have any projects you'd
like to plug surely she's in Puppy Bowl
yeah if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment